Why is he here?
Mu Guiying
What status can you appear in this industry?
None of your business
What's he doing here?
Shouldn't you be doing sword poison in someone else's house at this time?
Emperor Su Jianai
Nature has the ability to escape from the devil's lair
Besides, his father knew the master of the witch kingdom
Now dependent on Japan
Soon to be back on top
From now on, we will become the largest emperor in Japan
I can still step on your head
So you want to climb up
Are you willing to cuckold yourself?
Hahahaha
Anyway, I don't understand.
But it does seem like your respect
I show respect
Mu Guiying
It's really a narrow road for enemies
You destroy my whole clan
Slave me
Today's banquet
Never let you
The ghost regrets me the most